[Music]
Today we have a lot of, well, let's see,
a lot of, it's not that we have
a ton of songs, but we do have
a lot of energy in each of the
songs we have.  Let's go, I think we're
going to start with the weakest, which
is a little bit here about something from
Juanjo that I found funny,
right?  A little thing that happened on
Twitter.  We have Peppa, right?  That
suddenly he realized.  Well, it
's not that he's noticed, well, he's
opened his eyes, hasn't he?  We can say that
Peppa has opened her eyes, she's suddenly
begun to realize how mean
Lolly Huerta is, how she insults, and that she does
n't have cancer and that it's very ugly to
use it too, eh, I mean, she's
realized a lot of things.  Uh, and
then we also have the
Vita space, which I haven't listened to in full,
but they've sent me a few
from Cli that we're going to react to,
where he pretty much dismantles
this gentleman's story, right?  From Juanjlo
too.  So Juanjo, night is coming for you
.  Um, point number one, related
to Juanjo's topic, this... this
woke me up from my nap, and
everyone was like, "Dude,
look what happened, Twitter is finally
taking action."  Look, I don't know to what
extent I understand that Twitter, of course, just
like YouTuber, I understand that Twitter
at some point has to say, "Hey,
kid, calm down with these complaints
, okay? Hey, this tool isn't
there for you to censor people and stop them from talking
about you or sharing
a clip of yours."  So it looks like
Twitter has given you a little bit of a swipe on
the issue of fraudulent reports,
huh, ladies?  Well, yes, man, there
were a lot of them, right?  Wow, but I'd
say all the videos, right?  All
the ones you removed are back again.
Videos are back.  Yes, yes, they are returning them
all.  I have them and he's reporting them again
, huh?  Well, I'm lucky
that I complete this, he's reporting them again
.  After this he is
doing the same thing again.
I shared.  Well, hey, maybe he
wants to get off Twitter.  I shared it and it did
n't bring me anything.  There it is.
Well, it will tell you as soon as
you spend.
But the person who
retweeted it didn't take it back.  I
shared it, for example, and the person I
retweeted had said it. Yes, I know,
everyone who retweeted had said it. Of course, they didn't
say anything to me either, but of course, the
account that I retweeted with that video
had removed the video.  Yes, yes, yes, but
you, but you have it on your
TV, right?  Because it doesn't just show you a
video that was removed due to copyright
, it shows you that.  I haven't looked at it.
Yes, then it tells you that the video has
been deleted.  But I don't understand
the anxiety when we dedicate ourselves to this, because,
look, I understand that maybe if
someone publishes your address, your
credit card, or some really big thing like that
, you might want to delete it from the internet,
but when people post a clip of yours and
criticize you, it's so
life-sucking.  I mean, I don't have time.  Eh,
many times, look, eh,
the manager has been waiting for me since last week to
give him the
quarterly invoice.  Hey, Pablo, for a lawsuit we're
filing this week, hoping that
, what's it called?, that they'll give us a minute to watch
something from a YouTuber who's been
doing live broadcasts for us every day, and
I don't have time to report it, I wouldn't
have time, nor am I interested in
reporting 8,000 Twitter accounts because they
post a clip of mine, eh, that they think is
bad, I mean, why is there so much interest in
that, for God's sake.  But he does it with everything,
with the minimum video.  But he did it
even with eh because the Indian what he had
posted was like an AI image and
like written and he also reported the
videos, do you remember?  Why didn't he post the
videos, he posted something and reported it
too because like Don Quixote he
compared himself to Cervantes.  Of course, Don Quixote
is copyrighted, and if you
copy it, then you can compare it, right?  But it's
anonymous, right?  With Don
Quixote, that's super fraudulent, huh?  If
you have to work, you don't have time
to do everything this man is
doing.  I mean, and at the end he said he
had given someone a strike.
Who did he strike?  It was a bluff on
his part.  Well, I don't know how the video isn't that
Javi is the lazy one.  Yesterday I was, I think,
talking something about how Javi was the lazy one,
right?  Dropping hints.  Of course,
not mentioning the name is not a strike.
You can't bring Marina because you've
run out of money, because you don't save, you
don't earn, no.  He's been commenting this week
, look, a couple of passages ago,
that of course, we've had 1000 topics
and I haven't responded to him nor do I have
anything to respond to him.  Yes, he has the
right to comment on my topics.  What
I criticize is that he then says that he does
n't pay attention to my live shows,
my moves, and such.  If he is within his
rights.  It is pending.  He commented
two or three days ago, eh, in a eh, they sent me
a click, well, these people do send me
all the clicks to the group, you
know it, those of you who are in the group
know it.  and they put a click in which he
talking about eh every day he starts
directly talking about the numbers, because he
has a paranoia with the subject of the
numbers that in reality all the
channels of the subject of the heart have gone down,
even those that were eh that had
100,000 visits, 200,000 visits in which they
have gone down because right now there is
not even a
subject, you know?  that we can't do
anything else, work and you get
together, you invite a celebrity, you do
a podcast, you do an interview and
so on, right?  But he has a rayera
with numbers that is amazing.  Well,
every day he sends a message to
his community saying that he's doing very
well, that he has 300,000 visits per
day and so on and so forth.  Sure,
I'll start watching the videos.  Every time
we've seen him here, damn, today he
was with 500 spectators, I mean, he
's at a certain level right now in terms of numbers and
this isn't to offend him or anything, I mean,
but each one has what they have.  And today there were
500 spectators and now,
at night, well, I think there were
800 or something like that when
we started.  Then the videos
don't even reach 5,000 views.  And
I say, this is because YouTube works
like this, you know, that suddenly
you get one of these shorts like
TikTok, right?  Uh, he's always been
very critical of the shorts thing,
I remember one time he took
a short with Fran, uh, 10 million
views and he said, "That's not fair, that's not
fair, that's not fair, those views aren't
real."  Do you remember that?  And
now he's fed up with vertical and such.  Well, I
asked Joe Hunter, I
told him, "Joe, are you able to know
why, just out of curiosity, because he's been
opening all week with
We're doing well, huh? We
haven't had to fire anyone from
our team, huh? On our, on
our, on our channel,
photos of minors are not leaked."  And I say, "Are you
able to see what shorts I'm wearing?"  Because of course,
if you have live streams with 900
viewers, 800, if you have videos
with less than 5,000 views, you
really, where are those numbers?
You are, you have to have the
numbers like those of Trolla and Joe Hunter,
who is a machine that you already know, I don't
know how to get this, okay?  Well, he has
taken out the true numbers.  You
can put this on Twitter, this can't be
called strike, okay?  This is mine and
Jo Hunter's.  These are the real
numbers from Juanjo's 30 days.  76%
of visits are for shorts.  Here
you have it in detail, okay?  He's
getting 200,000 views in videos, but 1000 views
a week, and in live streams, you have to keep in
mind that many are
vertical, which, as you know, are
inflated and fake views, 100,000 a
week.  I mean, if
my calculations are correct, he actually, eh, four and tr
are seven.  He doesn't reach, well, he's
around a million monthly views
if you take off his shorts.  1 million
views.  A channel like Arde Troya, eh,
Peppa or something like that, right?  More or less,
right?  Pretty.  Well, that's why if you buy
a Mexican straw hat, he says you
have to meet the challenge to be able to
pay him.  That's what you did today, was
n't it?  That he, let's see, that he must have
saved, that it is true
that he uses that when they don't have to
pay for the hat, that's what
they spend it for.  When he
commented on Marina, he
did so with disdain, saying, "We'll
see, but we'll see, eh, when." But that's what
small minds are, right?  Eh, it's not
that I don't hire a team because I have to
save money.  Let's see,
Juanjo, my love, when you hire a
team, that helps you earn more
money.  The moment you have a
team member, if having that
team member isn't generating
more money for you, then it doesn't work
outside.  But the fact that I have an
editor, imagine an editor, right?  The
main videos, one of
my main videos, well, it's maybe 4 or
5 hours of editing.  Well, if I have an
editor, I'm doing those 4 or 5 hours
live.  Clear.  You understand me?  That's
the way a businessman looks at it, it
depends on how you approach it.
Clear.  Clear.  And he sees it as
insulting, as negative, the fact that
you're paying his salary.
Clear.  It's like you're lazy.  Yes, yes,
very vague.  I mean, right now I'm being
scolded because that's a matter of
investing to win.  If that is how it is
in the world of the entrepreneur.
Clear.  And when something doesn't work,
well, nothing happens.  you assume it, you change it, you
do something else and you focus on what is
working and that's it.  There are things that
work very well for a while.
Here at Telesar there have been things that have
worked very well for a time.
Hey, since it's not working now, well, well,
we'll move on to another one,
another one will come out, you know?  And this is so, but now
that the reality is that, Juanjo, the
reality is that your channel doesn't even have a million views
, that your channel is your
main one, that your channel has 700,000,
that it's not Telesalseo, that it's the
tertiary one, you know?  And nothing, and
the creature has a paranoia that he doesn't see.
Thank you.
[Music]